1.16 Manual Backport: Release notes and docs for product usage data (#28918)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/upgrading/upgrade-to-1.16.x.mdx

#### Install it at runtime dynamically

When running the image as root (not recommended), you can install it at runtime dynamically by using the `apk` package manager:

```shell-session
docker exec <CONTAINER-ID> apk add curl
```
```shell-session
kubectl exec -ti <NAME> -- apk add curl
```

When running the image as non-root without privilege escalation (recommended) you can use existing
tools to install a static binary of `curl` into the `vault` users home directory:

```shell-session
docker exec <CONTAINER-ID> wget https://github.com/moparisthebest/static-curl/releases/latest/download/curl-amd64 -O /home/vault/curl && chmod +x /home/vault/curl
```
```shell-session
kubectl exec -ti <NAME> -- wget https://github.com/moparisthebest/static-curl/releases/latest/download/curl-amd64 -O /home/vault/curl && chmod +x /home/vault/curl
```

**NOTE:** When using this option you'll want to verify that the static binary comes from a trusted source.

### Product usage reporting

As of 1.16.13, Vault will collect anonymous product usage metrics for HashiCorp. This information will be collected

> alongside activity information, and will be sent automatically if automated reporting is configured, or added to manual

Reviewer: ```suggestion
alongside client activity data, and will be sent automatically if automated reporting is configured, or added to manual
```
